In the early days of physics, the impossibility to describe life and pleasure was not seen as a shortcoming, because neither senses nor material properties nor scales were thought to be related to motion. And pleasure was not considered a serious subject of investigation for a respectable researcher anyway. Today, the situation is different. In our adventure we have learned that our senses of time, hearing, touch, smell and sight are primarily detectors of motion. Without motion, there would be no senses. Furthermore, all detectors are made of matter. During the exploration on electromagnetism we began to understand that all properties of matter are due to motions of charged constituents. Density, stiffness, colour and all other material properties result from the electromagnetic behaviour of the Lego bricks of matter: namely, the molecules, the atoms and the electrons. Thus, the properties of matter are also consequences of motion. Moreover, we saw that these tiny constituents are not correctly described by classical electrodynamics. We even found that light itself does not behave classically. Therefore the inability of classical physics to describe matter, light and the senses is indeed due to its intrinsic limitations.
The size of objects is related to the size of atoms. In turn, the size of atoms is a direct consequence of the quantum of action. Can you derive an approximation for the size of atoms, knowing that it is given by the motion of electrons of mass 𝑚e and charge 𝑒, constrained by the quantum of action?This connection, a simple formula, was discovered in 1910 by Arthur Erich Haas, 15 years before quantum theory was formulated."
Criminal law generally defines the rights and obligations of individuals in society. Some common issues in criminal law are the elements of specific crimes and the elements of various criminal defenses. Criminal procedure generally concerns the enforcement of individuals’ rights during the criminal process. Examples of procedural issues are individuals’ rights during law enforcement investigation, arrest, filing of charges, trial, and appeal.
Read Keeler v. Superior Court, 470 P.2d 617 (1970). In Keeler, the defendant attacked his pregnant ex-wife, and her baby was thereafter stillborn. The California Supreme Court disallowed a murder charge against Keeler under California Penal Code § 187 because the statute criminalized only the malicious killing of a “human being.” The court reached its decision after examining the common-law definition of human being and determining that the definition did not include a fetus. The court reasoned that it could not create a new crime without violating the due process clause, separation of powers, and California Penal Code § 6, which prohibits the creation of commonlaw crimes. After the Keeler decision, the California Legislature changed Penal Code § 187 to include a fetus, excepting abortion (Cal. Penal Code, 2010).
A particularly interesting example of a low-intensity source of light is a single atom. Atoms are tiny spheres. When atoms radiate light or X-rays, the radiation should be emit- ted as a spherical wave. But in all experiments – see Figure 19 for a typical set-up – the light emitted by an atom is never found to form a spherical wave, in contrast to what we might expect from everyday physics. Whenever a radiating atom is surrounded by many detectors, only a single detector is triggered. Only the average over many emissions and detections yields a spherical shape. The experiments shows clearly that partial photons cannot be detected.
In modern times, kidnapping is still a serious felony, although the US Supreme Court has held that capital punishment for any crime against an individual other than criminal homicide is unconstitutional. False imprisonment is generally a lesser included offense of kidnapping and is graded lower, as is discussed in Section 10.4.2 “False Imprisonment”.
A complete map of physics, the science of motion. It starts at the bottom with everyday motion, and shows the connections to the fields of modern physics. Each connection increases the precision of the description and is due to a limit to motion that is taken into account. The limits are given for uniform motion by the gravitational constant G, for fast motion by the speed of light c, and for tiny motion by the Planck constant h, the elementary charge e and the Boltzmann constant k.
After a year of hard work, in 1922, Otto Stern and Walther Gerlach* completed a beautiful experiment to investigate the polarization of matter quantons. They knew that inhomogeneous magnetic fields act as polarizers for rotating charges. Rotating charges are present in every atom. Therefore they let a beam of silver atoms, extracted from an oven by evaporation, pass an inhomogeneous magnetic field. They found that the beam splits into two separate beams, as shown in Figure 42. No atoms leave the magnetic field region in intermediate directions. This is in full contrast to what would be expected from classical physics.
In contrast to the classical, everyday case, the state of a quantum system – the proper- ties a system ‘has’ – is not described by the outcomes of measurements. The simplest illustration of this difference is the system made of a single particle in the Stern–Gerlach experiment. The experiment shows that a spin measurement on a general (oven) particle state sometimes gives ‘up’ (say +1), and sometimes gives ‘down’ (say −1). So a general atom, in an oven state, has no intrinsic orientation. Only after the measurement, an atom is either in an ‘up’ state or in a ‘down’ state.
A criminal prosecution takes place after a defendant violates a federal or state criminal statute, or in some jurisdictions, after a defendant commits a common-law crime. Statutes and common-law crimes are discussed in Section 1.6 “Sources of Law”.
State citizens can also vote state statutes into law. Although a state legislature adopts most state statutes, citizens voting on a ballot can enact some very important statutes. For example, a majority of California’s citizens voted to enact California’s medicinal marijuana law (California Compassionate Use Act of 1996, 2010). California’s three-strikes law was voted into law by both the state legislature and California’s citizens and actually appears in the California Penal Code in two separate places (Brown, B., and Jolivette, G., 2010).
